docs: add AI contribution policy and update pull request template (#1017)
radis/radis: docs/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

the following line. -->

Fixes #<Issue Number>

### AI-Generated Code Disclosure
<!-- Please review our AI Policy in the developer guide: https://radis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/dev/developer.html#ai-policy -->
If you used AI tools (e.g., Copilot, ChatGPT) to generate any part of this code, please provide:
- **Specific parts generated:**

> - **How it was used:**

Reviewer: I don't want it to be a burden to summarize everything that AI did ... and I might not read it. I'm interested to know what do you expect from this part

- [ ] I confirm I understand all the lines of code generated by the AI.
- [ ] I confirm all generated lines are necessary and useful.

> *To increase the chance of review of this PR, make sure it passes the **related tests** to the changes made and the [linting](https://radis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/dev/developer.html#code-style-and-linting).*

Reviewer: I would prefer something like "do not expect your code to be reviewed if it does not pass all the tests". We can also add in the documentation that some tests may fail due to database fetching errors and this is a known issue (+ a short version here). 
What do you think?

Author: Since a lot of the times radis' CI fails, I think it would encourage developers (specially new ones) to unnecessary try to fix what is not their fault. Also for new folks understanding which tests are affected by their code can be difficult sometimes. That's why I have mentioned `related tests`

Author: > We can also add in the documentation that some tests may fail due to database fetching errors and this is a known issue (+ a short version here).

This we can do, can you please point some so I will add them in this PR itself.

Reviewer: I proposed a concise correction. Let me know what you think

> *To increase the chance of review of this PR, make sure it passes the **related tests** to the changes made and the [linting](https://radis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/dev/developer.html#code-style-and-linting).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Developer Confirmation
- [ ] I understand all code changes in this PR (whether self-authored or AI-assisted).
- [ ] I confirm that all changes are necessary and useful.

### Checklist before review by admins:
- [ ] This PR passes [linting](https://radis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/dev/developer.html#code-style-and-linting).
- [ ] This PR passes all related tests.

If a test fails due to an external issue (e.g. database not downloaded), please post a comment rather than re-running the tests.
```
